OwO What's this???
<@431483983088451584> is becoming a big boi
DnD is from 1974? Holy shit
*trebuchet
Please send help
Mocha beats me
I'm upset
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo.
Where am I? Why do I exist?
<#421394573303087134>
Mee could you actually like, not though?
https://imgur.com/gallery/61PrfAU
"Don't believe everything you read on the Internet just because there's a picture with a quote next to it." - Abraham Lincoln
'boom and zoom' tactics
Yes
meh let's discard the rareness part
>mocha >music choose one
infected mushroom were the ones that got me into trance
ESTEFANI IS FRUIT TREE CONFIRMÉ
https://i.imgur.com/AZG3dcY.jpg
Retrieving quote failed. Please try again.
what
the tuba is making me lengthen and squash in my seat
squuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuaaaaaaaaassshhhh
I'll let you know that wasting time is one of by best skills.
*let's fuck, big guy*
it’s true that god is a spider and she wants us dead
he always fucks off when I get happy that he has come
Thats me vibrating like a washing machine
Go ahead. Not that the opinion of someone so obviously mentally challenged bothers me.
Maybe if you both just go out there is no need for calling or shouting.
hearing the tremble of their voice is way better than the slap of their meat
Cash or Card?
constipation saving roll
beware Kresz Cognos' snowball
Kresz Cognos' snowball + Kogin = Frozen Kogurt
I'll make a dick out of ice and stick it in your ASS
People think I have it. But it's sun damage.
Your knife is shit when it cuts through water like its butter
are you a kitty cat~~
I will choke you
anyone who ignores me is an enemy
my mozilla crashed
phonology is what you do with your mouth
portuguese is a spanish language
Dumbledore raises his dank golden pimp chalice
"No one can stand being around me for long periods. I'm quite tolerable in small doses, though."
"Don't worry, you don't have to marry me, or anything. That would make you suicidal for sure."
matt likes eating slimy things
IT'S MOZIRRA
stop spamming quote commands and get a fucking life, you pathetic excuse for a human being
this is angering, but meh
the itch is just a simulation anyways
you ass needs to get what it deserves :)
I appreciate what people do to me, and leave it in an easy-to-find access
you ass needs discipline
Maybe you should just sext the teacher for marks. It's moral, trust me.
How is my driving? 1-800-EAT-SHIT
Virginity is not a physical thing. It's a spiritual thing, and it can be restored with prayer and devotion. We are all reclaiming our virginity.
How does one masturbate in a spiritually oriented way?
i'd keep opening the fridge and eating the skin
Strangling is just precision hugging
stabbing is just extremely metaphorical sex
Sadist lePenis
Let's sit in each others' laps and think intensely about little people.
rolling 999d20kh2
what about the mayo
Sadly for Lucas and Brittany, nobody was lost. In fact, they were milking camels in the hot Bahraini sun.
"Mmmm yesss, I happen to be a druid," the druid speaks,...
*Cragmaw Windmill*
<:cum:437646306144419840>